I come from a lower-middle class family from Bangladesh. I can't afford to pay for this course because my father is the only bread earner of the family. The money he earns aren't sufficient enough for my family. I have to go through much hardship only to complete my BSc degree. This is the only way I can learn robotics.  A financial aid would be much appreciated.

I am going to be a Mechanical Engineer(2nd year). As my degree requires a multi-disciplinery trait, I chose to pursue my future career in robotics. As my university courses don't cover robotics, I found it very hard to find a proper and detailed course about 'Robotics'. Then I found about this course online and many people suggested me it's one of the best specialization courses about robotics. I think with this course is structured in a way that it would be a educative and fun to learn about robotics. If I get this financial aid, my dream of learning about robotics will be fulfilled. Robotics is a emerging and very promising area in this modern world, It'll help me build my career around it and I am very much passionate about it.

As I am only a 2nd year student and I don't have a job and also in this situation of this pendamic its hard to get a job 
that pays me enough to pay my loan. The financial situation of my family is well enough to pay for this course.

I am going to be a Mechanical Engineer (2nd year). My degree requires a multi-disciplinary trait. Robotics is a multi-disciplinary subject. I chose to pursue my career in robotics. Mostly, because of what we achieved in this particular field to this very day is astonishing and fascinating. And with the rise of AI research, this particular area (Robotics) will be the center of most of the researches. In the robotics area, the education system in this country lacks a lot. I want to learn about it in a detailed manner and will try to improve this situation. This particular course is one of the best courses to learn and also to have fun with robotics. I learned about this course from an ex-student of my university. This particular course helped him build his career in Robotics. And also in online, many people suggested me this very course. I think this course will help me shape my knowledge and create a strong foundation to build my dream and career around Robotics.   

As I come from a lower-middle class family and my father is also the only bread earner of the family and I don't have a job.

I think with this course is structured in a way that it would be a educative and fun to learn about robotics. If I get this financial aid, my dream of learning about robotics will be fulfilled. 

I come from a lower-middle class family from Bangladesh. I can't afford to pay for this course because my father is the only bread earner of the family. The money he earns aren't sufficient enough for my family. I have to go through much hardship only to complete my BSc degree. I am doing my bachelors in Mechanical engineering. The cost of achieving this degree is very high in our country. And sadly, but yes there are no degrees only for robotics in our country. So, I had to choose Mechanical Engg. mostly to learn about robotics. But there are shortage of resources and proper guidance to follow robotics in my university. Most of the resources we find in the internet are not well structured also. But, this coursera course is a highly balanced and well-structured course. This is the only way I can learn robotics.  A financial aid would be much appreciated.

I come from a lower-middle class family from Bangladesh. I can't afford to pay for this course as my father being the only earner of the family. The money he earns aren't sufficient enough for my family. I have to go through much hardship only to complete my BSc degree. This is the only way I can learn robotics. As I am only a 2nd year student and I don't have a job and also in this situation of this pendamic its hard to get a job that pays me enough to pay my loan. The financial situation of my family is not well enough to pay for this course.